Karthick Manoharan
No 13 Palandeeswarar Koil St, Mangadu,Chennai, TN 122
+91 93859 35655 , 9042645775	karthickgm11@gmail.com
Summary

 
Results-oriented land acquisition manager with more than 6 years of experience in the real estate industry. Proven ability to identify and assess potential land deals, navigate complex negotiations, and secure profitable land acquisitions. Experienced in managing all aspects of the land acquisition

 
Experience

Welldone Ventures Pvt Ltd
2 Years land acquisition manager and BDM
Krish housing and Promoters 3 Years Sales associate and land KST Promoters
11 months land acquisition supervising
TEDA
Project intern 6 months
Arunai electricals
Site Engineer 1 years contract Youngshin India Pvt Ltd Production Engineer 6 months

 
Education
Bachelor Of Engineering
Electrical and electronics engineering from St.joseph college of engineering ch-105-passing year-2015 with 64%. Higher Secondary
Nav Bharath Vidyalaya Matriculation high sec school with 60% aggregate in april 2011.
Sslc
Nav Bharath Vidyalaya Matriculation high sec school with 70% aggregate in april 2009.
 
Latest Projects
WELLDONE PROMOTERS KUTHAMBAKKAM - aggregated 20acres WELLDONE VENTURES ATOP - NUNGABAKKAM
WELLDONE VENTURES SEA CREAST - THIRUVOTTIYUR

Skills

Managed the acquisition of land for new development projects, including due diligence and negotiations with landowners.
Negotiated purchase agreements with landowners and prepared legal descriptions for property conveyance documents.
Coordinated with engineers, architects, lenders, title companies, surveyors,etc.
Conducted research on potential properties and negotiated the best deals for company acquisitions
Managed all aspects of real estate transactions including due diligence, title clearance and closing coordination
Maintained relationships with local brokers and developers to identify new acquisition opportunities
Developed comprehensive business plans based on current and future needs of the organization
Negotiated and prepared purchase and sale agreements, easements, and other legal documents related to the acquisition of land.
Conducted due diligence activities such as title review, environmental assessment, and property inspections.
Coordinated with multiple stakeholders including real estate agents, attorneys, and government officials to ensure a smooth and efficient transaction.





Thank you
